update the out-of-date ansible-test sanity ignores (#78342)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/testing/sanity/ignores.rst

    plugins/module_utils/my_util.py validate-modules!skip # waiting for bug fix in module validator
    plugins/lookup/my_plugin.py compile-2.6!skip # Python 2.6 is not supported on the controller

>     For a full list of sanity tests and test names, see :ref:`all_sanity_tests <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/testing/sanity/index.html#all-sanity-tests>`

Reviewer: This should be moved outside of the indented examples. It might be enough to move it down a line and remove the indentation.

Author: I've already fixed the line of list sanity tests, please have a look at it. Thanks.

    plugins/module_utils/my_util.py validate-modules!skip # waiting for bug fix in module validator
    plugins/lookup/my_plugin.py compile-2.6!skip # Python 2.6 is not supported on the controller

> For a full list of sanity tests and test names, see :ref:`all_sanity_tests <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/testing/sanity/index.html#all-sanity-tests>`

Reviewer: The ref should just refer to the page, rather than contain a full URL.

I'd probably go with the same text we have [elsewhere](https://github.com/ansible/ansible/blame/devel/docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/testing_sanity.rst#L56) that references the list of sanity tests.

```suggestion
See the full list of :ref:`sanity tests <all_sanity_tests>`, which details the various tests and details how to fix identified issues.
```

Author: Noted, Thanks for your suggestion!
